add new blogs (#356)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2023-09-29-cilium-a-comprehensive-guide/index.md

---
date: '2023-09-29T11:36:00.000Z'
title: 'Cilium – A Fascinating Comprehensive Guide'
ogImage: ogimage.jpeg

> ogSummary: "DotCom Magazine provides an in-depth guide about Cilium, It discusses Cilium's innovative approach leveraging eBPF for efficient and scalable network visibility, control, and security for containerized workloads."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ogSummary: "DotCom Magazine provides an in-depth guide about Cilium, they discuss Cilium's innovative approach leveraging eBPF for efficient and scalable network visibility, control, and security for containerized workloads."
```
